******* IGNITING OUR APP *****

1. To make our app production ready we need to do lot of processing in our local like code bundling, code optimisation, image optimisation, removing comments, minification etc..

2. npm => package manager
i. npm init
    Package.json file will form => configiration of npm(version of dependencies).
ii. dependencies installation:
    npm install parcel
    package-lock-json will form => keep track of exact version of dependencies.
    node modules => contains code of our all dependencies

*** Transitive dependencies :=> dependencies dependent on other dependencies.

NOTE: There are two types of dependencies
a. dev dependencies => for development phase (npm install -D parcel)
b. normal dependencies => for development + production phase.

**** .gitignore => contains all the files which can be regenerated. Need not to push to git.
       npm install => to recreate node modules

iii. npx parcel index.html (our app starts running at server i.e. local host)
      dist file =>> when parcel generates development build of our project and hosts to localhost along with this it also push the development build into dist file. Can be pushed to .gitignore.

NOTE: npm => install the package
      npx => execute the package

GETTING REACT INTO OUR APP =====>>>
1. using cdn links(not recommended)
2. using npm
   npm install react
   npm install react-dom
   NOTE : We also need to import react and react dom to our js file:
           import React from "react"
           import ReactDOM from "react-dom"

    Now, <script src = "./App.js></script"> will through an error => browser scripts cann't have imports and exports
    To resolve => <script type = "module" src = "./App.js></script">


TO MAKE OUR APP COMPATIBLE FOR OLDER BROWSERS ==>>
browserlist dependency is used.  (website => browserlist.dev)
We will add browserlist to our package.json and it will take the array of browser ensuring that our will surely run on those browsers and may or may not run on all the other browserswhich are not mantioned.

"browserlist" :[
    "last 2 versions of chrome",
    "last 1 version of firefox"
]